Support table creation of Scalar DB on JDBC in schema-tool (#152)
scalar-labs/scalardb: tools/scalar-schema/README.md

### Auto-scaling
By default, the schema tool enables auto-scaling of RU for all tables: RU is scaled in or out between 10% and 100% of a specified RU depending on a workload. For example, if you specify `-r 10000`, RU of each table is scaled in or out between 1000 and 10000. Note that auto-scaling of Cosmos DB is enabled only when you set more than or equal to 4000 RU.

## Data type mapping for JDBC databases

> When creating tables for a JDBC database, data type mapping from the ScalarDB data types to the JDBC database's data types happens. This tool uses the following data type mapping table to do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating tables for a JDBC database with this tool, Scalar DB data types are converted to RDB-specific data types as shown below.
```

| ScalarDB | MySQL | PostgreSQL | Oracle | SQL Server |
| ---- | ---- |  ---- |  ---- |  ---- | 
| INT | INT | INT | INT | INT |
| BIGINT | BIGINT | BIGINT | NUMBER(19) | BIGINT |
| TEXT | LONGTEXT | TEXT | VARCHAR(4000) | VARCHAR(8000) |
| FLOAT | FLOAT | FLOAT | BINARY_FLOAT | FLOAT(24) |
| DOUBLE | DOUBLE | DOUBLE PRECISION | BINARY_DOUBLE | FLOAT |
| BOOLEAN | BOOLEAN | BOOLEAN | NUMBER(1) | BIT |
| BLOB | LONGBLOB | BYTEA | BLOB | VARBINARY(8000) |

> However, some data types cannot be used as a primary key and a secondary index key. So, the following data type mapping is used when the column is defined as a primary key or a secondary index key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the following types are converted differently when they are used as a primary key or a secondary index key due to the limitations of RDB data types.
```

| ScalarDB | MySQL | PostgreSQL | Oracle | SQL Server |
| ---- | ---- |  ---- |  ---- |  ---- |

> | TEXT | VARCHAR(256) | VARCHAR(10485760) | | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TEXT | VARCHAR(64) | VARCHAR(10485760) | | |
```
